chore: rename master -> main; update links (#81)
Unleash/unleash-client-dotnet: README.md

- ApplicationHostnameStrategy
- FlexibleRolloutStrategy

> Read more about the strategies in [activation-strategy.md](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/blob/main/docs/activation-strategies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about the strategies in [activation-strategy.md](https://docs.getunleash.io/user_guide/activation_strategy).
```
Linking to the compiled version of the docs seems more logical, also makes branch name uninteresting :)

Reviewer: Particularly since the docs folder no longer contains that markdown file?

### Unleash context

> In order to use some of the common activation strategies you must provide an [unleash-context](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/blob/main/docs/unleash-context.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use some of the common activation strategies you must provide an [unleash-context](https://docs.getunleash.io/user_guide/unleash_context).
```
Same as for activation strategies
